hey everybody it's cute if I'm gonna
make this video I hesitated to make this
video just because it's incredibly
advanced poker strategy and almost
didn't want to give all this gold away
but I figure people probably want to
apply it correctly anyway so I don't
have to worry about the impact on my
game so much so let's go ahead and get
started the first situation arises we
face a raise preflop and we have ace ace
and here comes the advanced strategy now
I again I just want to preface this by
saying I stumbled across a lot of these
strategies playing you know 45 tables at
the Beast and so here it comes ready
there it is the fold and a lot of people
would go wow
you know what's going on here and I
wouldn't even so much call this play so
err and we can see another one here just
even without facing a raise just open
fold and you know we could look at some
different ones again just open fold I
wouldn't call this a slow place as much
as maybe I just call it a reverse fast
play and plenty of these we can look at
open fold as a matter of fact if you
look at my database folded preflop and
you know how to ace ace you'll see I've
done this 88 times as a matter of fact
there's probably some in here that I
would consider extremely advanced let's
take a look at this hand right here
where I actually go ahead and open for
raise get re raised and then muck it and
as you can see it looks like I have
plenty of these here we go again oh look
at this this is the three bet into the
fold so again incredibly advanced as a
matter of fact I you know I'm not one of
these shoot for this particular stat guy
but I would say you know if your VP IP
is over 95 where they say you probably
have some major leaks
okay now on the flip side we have a play
like this you can see we're at an NL 50
game I'm starting you know close to 300
times here and what makes this extra
tricky and since I'm in playing so many
tables probably didn't recognize the
fact that you know I was 300 times deep
but despite that fact and this is where
you develop an intuition you know the
more you study the game I take a play
here that I would call maybe not so much
a fast play but a reverse slow play and
that is just an open ship with a 7-9
suited now again people might look at
this and go whoa what is going on but
let's keep in mind I do have the
opportunity to win 75 cents and I have
probably you know a really large amount
of fold equity unless you're dealing
with times you know when someone ends up
with a hand like King King now you know
you see that you know when you're
playing you go WOW you know this is
major run bad when I just pulled off
what I would call you know an
exceptional move but sure it didn't work
this time
but I did have equity and the times you
know sometimes I'm going to win a huge
pot so that that works out really well
now as you can see we look at my
database here these are you know I've
done a play like this 15 times in my
database you know here's another fine
example in this case we're only a
hundred times so I think this is
probably more marginal although this guy
does open to 80 cents and we can just go
ahead and ship it in here I think again
an exceptional play and you see there I
actually end up with a great result now
what I normally try to do is time this
type of play to where you have one of
these AAA's folds where we you know our
reverse fast play I'll do that at one
table and simultaneously at another
table pull off a reverse slow play and
that way
when I'm dealing with opponents that are
playing with me at more than one table I
really throw them for a loop they don't
know which play I'm making at that
particular time okay the final advanced
player in a look at actually happens
post flop so you know the complication
level will be a little higher but you
see we open with the kings we flop the
nuts with the King for 5 we check for
deception
this guy bets a quarter into a dollar 85
and now for the advanced play is the
muck and again people get a while what's
going on and I wouldn't call this a
reverse anything we're not talking about
reverse slope play reverse flats penny
more I would call this balancing my
folding range you know if you only have
trash here in your folding range where
you probably you know have a problem so
I like to make sure that my folding
range includes both weekends and strong
hams so that if someone says you know
oh you folded not here we got another
one where I just go ahead and get let
into and just now instead of anything
less advanced we muck it you know
someone says well I know you didn't have
the nuts there what you're wrong you see
so if I can get you to kind of misjudge
my hand that's where I can make people
make mistakes here I get three bet go
ahead and flat
we flop the top set check and fold and
that's especially advanced because this
guy's not very deep and there's plenty
of these we could look at again middle
set here we actually have a caller and
we just throw it away
I think that one might be a little bit
more obvious than the other ones no if
we look at our database here we can see
that you know we folded the flop made
three of a kind with with two cards
we've done this 37 times so it's
actually you know I could look at
percentages here to see you know how
often we should do it but I think 10 to
11% of the time is probably
a good balancing range for your folding
range royal straight flushes are another
great hand to balance your folding range
we could just call this having a
uncapped folding range but I've had a
lot of royal straight flushes on the
river in my career but I've only shown
down to one of them was live and player
made a big bet on the river and I had
that royal straight flush I knew I
should throw it away and it took me
about three minutes to make my decision
I actually ended up calling just because
I was so tilted before the hand happened
the guy called the time around me
finally I called and I turned over my
royal straight flush and he was just
angry and I'm like yeah I know and I'm
sorry I just don't have the discipline
right now and just yeah I just was like
rax because I just had to get out of
there so I hope you enjoyed these
advanced plays take some time to look
over them before you try applying them
to your game any questions you can hit
me up at q-tip poker comm thanks for
watching